We've Updated Our Terms of Service & Use
Updated on January 6, 2023
Because we value your partnership, we want you to know that we've made updates to the Terms of Service & Use that apply to Experts' use of the Curated platform, including information on procedures for resolving disputes with us.
We encourage you to review carefully all of the updated terms. Your continued use of our platform is contingent on your acknowledgement of and agreement to the updated Terms of Service & Use.
Thank you for being a part of our community, and we wish you a healthy and prosperous year!
- The Curated Team
These Terms of Service constitute a legally binding agreement (the "Agreement”) between you and Curated, Inc., its parents, subsidiaries, representatives, affiliates, officers and directors (collectively, the “Company", “we”, “us” or “our”) governing your use of the Company’s platform, applications, websites and technology (the “Curated Platform”). In your capacity as an Expert (as defined below), you are required to acknowledge and agree to this Agreement and to abide by its terms at all times while using the Curated Platform and providing services to the Company or to any of its Users (as defined below).
BE ADVISED: THE AGREEMENT CONTAINS PROVISIONS THAT GOVERN HOW CLAIMS BETWEEN YOU AND THE COMPANY CAN BE BROUGHT (SEE SECTION [8] BELOW). THESE PROVISIONS WILL, WITH LIMITED EXCEPTION, REQUIRE YOU TO: (1) WAIVE YOUR RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL, AND (2) SUBMIT CLAIMS THAT YOU HAVE AGAINST THE COMPANY TO BINDING AND FINAL ARBITRATION ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS, NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR A CLASS MEMBER IN ANY CLASS, GROUP OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION OR PROCEEDING.
By entering into this Agreement, and/or by using or accessing the Curated Platform, you expressly acknowledge that you understand the Agreement (including the dispute resolution and arbitration provisions in Section [8]), and accept all of its terms. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT, YOU MAY NOT USE OR ACCESS THE COMPANY PLATFORM OR ANY OF THE SERVICES PROVIDED THROUGH THE PLATFORM.
When using the Curated Platform, you also agree to conduct yourself in accordance with our Community Standards, which shall form part of this Agreement between you and the Company.
1. Curated Platform. The Curated Platform provides a three-sided marketplace whereby, among other things, persons who seek advice on high consideration consumer product purchases (“Users”) can be connected to experts on those consumer products ("Experts”). The expert services provided by Experts to Users is referred to herein as “Expert Services”.
2. Expert Services; Payment of Expert Fees; Curated Platform Fees. You are entitled to receive the compensation for the Expert Services you perform for Users, as provided in this Agreement (the “Expert Fees”). The Expert Fees will be set forth from time to time in a rate card on the Curated Platform, which may have terms, conditions or rates specifically applicable to certain product categories, and which may be changed from time to time in the Company’s sole discretion. By continuing to use the Curated Platform, you are deemed to accept any such changes published on any rate card. The Company will use reasonable efforts to ensure that any Expert Fees owed to you will be paid to you on at least a semi-monthly basis. The Company reserves the right to adjust or withhold all or a portion of any Expert Fee or other payment owed to you (except tips) if we believe you have attempted to defraud or abuse Users or the Company or any part of the Company’s Platform or if you have violated any part of the Community Standards. You acknowledge and agree that all payments owed to you shall not include any interest and will be net of any amounts that we are required to withhold by law. In exchange for facilitating the Expert Services that you provide to Users, you agree to pay to the Company (and permit the Company to retain) certain platform fees that may be defined from time to time. The amount of any such fees may vary by market or by product category or other factors, and shall be communicated to you in advance of the implementation of such a fee; and, if you don't want to pay such fee, you will have the opportunity to terminate your Expert Services at that time.
3. No Violation of Rights or Other Obligations. You agree that in providing the Expert Services or using the Curated Platform, you will not violate any agreement with or rights of any third party or, except as expressly authorized by the Company in writing hereafter, use or disclose at any time your own or any third party’s confidential information or intellectual property in connection with the Expert Services or otherwise for or on behalf of the Company or bring any such information on to the Company’s premises or incorporate any such information into the Company’s systems or any deliverables resulting from the Expert Services.
4. Your Information. Your Information is any information you provide, publish or post, and any information provided on your behalf, to or through the Curated Platform (including any profile information you provide) or send to other Experts or Users (including via in-application feedback, any email feature, or through any Company-related Facebook, Twitter or other social media posting) (your “Information”). You consent to us using your Information to create an Expert account that will allow you to use the Curated Platform and participate in the Expert Services. Our collection and use of personal information in connection with the Curated Platform and Expert Services is as provided in the Company’s Privacy Policy. You are solely responsible for your Information and your interactions with other members of the public, and we act only as a passive conduit for your online posting of your Information. You agree to provide and maintain accurate, current and complete Information and that we and other members of the public may rely on your Information as accurate, current and complete. To enable the Company to use your Information for the purposes described in the Privacy Policy and this Agreement, or to otherwise improve the Curated Platform or Expert Services you grant to us a non-exclusive, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, transferable, sub-licensable (through multiple tiers) right and license to exercise the copyright, publicity, and database rights you have in your Information, and to use, copy, perform, display and distribute such Information to prepare derivative works, or incorporate into other works, such Information, in any media now known or not currently known. The Company does not assert any ownership over your Information; rather, as between you and the Company, subject to the rights granted to us in this Agreement, you retain full ownership of all of your Information and any intellectual property rights or other proprietary rights associated with your Information.
5. Intellectual Property. All intellectual property rights in and to the Curated Platform shall be owned by the Company absolutely and in their entirety. These rights include database rights, inventions and patents, copyright, design rights (whether registered or unregistered), trademarks (whether registered or unregistered) and other similar rights wherever existing in the world, together with the right to apply for protection of the same. All other trademarks, logos, service marks, company or other product names set forth on the Curated Platform are the property of their respective owners. You acknowledge and agree that any questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, feedback or other information (“Submissions") provided by you to us are non-confidential and shall become the sole property of the Company. The Company shall own exclusive rights, including all intellectual property rights, and shall be entitled to the unrestricted use and dissemination of these Submissions for any purpose, commercial or otherwise, without acknowledgment or compensation to you. Except for the explicit license grants hereunder, nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to transfer ownership of or grant a license under any intellectual property rights. CURATED and other Company logos, designs, graphics, icons, scripts and service names are registered trademarks, trademarks or trade dress of the Company in the United States and/or other countries (collectively, the "Company Marks”). If you provide Expert Services as an Expert, the Company grants to you, during the term of this Agreement, and subject to your compliance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, a limited, revocable, non-exclusive license to display and use the Company Marks solely on any Company-branded items provided by the Company directly to you in connection with providing the Expert Services (“License”). The License is non-transferable and non-assignable, and you shall not grant to any third party any right, permission, license or sublicense with respect to any of the rights granted hereunder without the Company’s prior written permission, which it may withhold in its sole discretion. The Company’s logo (or any Company Marks) may not be used in any manner that is likely to cause confusion, including but not limited to: use of a Company Mark in a domain name or a Company referral code, or use of a Company Mark as a social media handle or name, avatar, profile photo, icon, favicon, or banner. You may identify yourself as an Expert on the Curated Platform, but may not misidentify yourself as the Company, an employee of the Company, or a representative or agent of the Company (outside of your services as an Expert on the Curated Platform). You acknowledge that the Company is the owner and licensor of the Company Marks, including all goodwill associated therewith, and that your use of the Company logo (or any Company Marks) will confer no interest in or ownership of the Company Marks in you but rather inures to the benefit of the Company. You agree to use the Company logo strictly in accordance with any Company brand guidelines, as may be provided to you and revised from time to time (the "Brand Guidelines"), and to immediately cease any use that the Company determines to be nonconforming or otherwise unacceptable. You agree that you will not: (1) create any materials that use the Company Marks or any derivatives of the Company Marks as a trademark, service mark, trade name or trade dress, other than as expressly approved by the Company in writing or as provided in the Brand Guidelines; (2) use the Company Marks in any way that tends to impair their validity as proprietary trademarks, service marks, trade names or trade dress, or use the Company Marks other than in accordance with the terms, conditions and restrictions herein; (3) take any other action that would jeopardize or impair the Company’s rights as owner of the Company Marks or the legality and/or enforceability of the Company Marks, including, challenging or opposing the Company’s ownership in the Company Marks; (4) apply for trademark registration or renewal of trademark registration of any of the Company Marks, any derivative of the Company Marks, any combination of the Company Marks and any other name, or any trademark, service mark, trade name, symbol or word which is similar to the Company Marks; (5) use the Company Marks on or in connection with any product, service or activity that is in violation of any law, statute, government regulation or standard. You agree you will not manufacture, produce, print, sell, distribute, purchase, or display counterfeit/inauthentic Company Marks (including but not limited to signage, stickers, apparel, or decals) from any source other than directly from the Company. Violation of any provision of this License may result in immediate termination of the License, in the Company’s sole discretion, a takedown request sent to the appropriate ISP, or social media platform, and/or a Uniform Domain-Name Dispute-Resolution Policy Proceeding (or equivalent proceeding). If you create any materials (physical or digital) bearing the Company Marks (in violation of this Agreement or otherwise), you agree that upon their creation the Company exclusively owns all right, title and interest in and to such materials, including any modifications to the Company Marks or derivative works based on the Company Marks or the Company’s copyrights. You further agree to assign any interest or right you may have in such materials to the Company, and to provide information and execute any documents as reasonably requested by the Company to enable the Company to formalize such assignment.
6. Confidentiality. You agree not to use any technical, financial, strategic and other proprietary and confidential information relating to the Company’s business, operations and properties, information about a User made available to you in connection with such User’s use of the Curated Platform, which may include the User’s name and contact information (“Confidential Information”) disclosed to you by the Company for your own use or for any purpose other than as contemplated herein. You shall not disclose or permit disclosure of any Confidential Information to third parties, and you agree not to store separate and outside of the Curated Platform any Confidential Information obtained from the Curated Platform. You agree to take all reasonable measures to protect the secrecy of and avoid disclosure or use of Confidential Information of the Company in order to prevent it from falling into the public domain. Notwithstanding the above, you shall not have liability to the Company with regard to any Confidential Information which you can prove: was in the public domain at the time it was disclosed by the Company or has entered the public domain through no fault of yours; was known to you, without restriction, at the time of disclosure, as demonstrated by files in existence at the time of disclosure; is disclosed with the prior written approval of the Company; becomes known to you, without restriction, from a source other than the Company without breach of this Agreement by you and otherwise not in violation of the Company’s rights; or is disclosed pursuant to the order or requirement of a court, administrative agency, or other governmental body; provided, however, that you shall provide prompt notice of such court order or requirement to the Company to enable the Company to seek a protective order or otherwise prevent or restrict such disclosure.
7. Warranties and Other Obligations. You represent, warrant and covenant that: (i) the Expert Services will be performed in a professional and workmanlike manner and that none of such Expert Services nor any part of this Agreement is or will be inconsistent with any obligation that you may have to others; (ii) all work under this Agreement shall be your original work and none of the Expert Services nor any development, use, production, distribution or exploitation thereof will infringe, misappropriate or violate any intellectual property or other right of any person or entity (including, without limitation, yourself); (iii) you have the full right to provide the Company with the assignments and rights provided for herein; (iv) you shall comply with all applicable laws and the Company safety rules and Community Standards in the course of performing the Expert Services; (v) if your work requires a license, you have obtained that license and the license is in full force and effect; (vi) you agree that we may obtain information about you, including your criminal record if applicable, and you agree to provide any further necessary authorizations to facilitate our access to such records during the term of the Agreement; (vii) you will pay all applicable federal, state and local taxes based on your provision of the Expert Services and any Expert Fee received by you from time to time; and (viii) you will comply with the Company’s reasonable requests to provide information in connection with any User complaints, law enforcement requests or any other incident.
8. Independent Contractor; No Employee Benefits; Non-Exclusive Relationship.You hereby acknowledge and agree that, in providing any Expert Services and using the Curated Platform, you are an independent contractor (not an employee or other agent) solely responsible for the manner and hours in which Expert Services are performed, solely responsible for all taxes, withholdings, and other statutory, regulatory or contractual obligations of any sort (including, but not limited to, those relating to workers’ compensation, disability insurance, Social Security, unemployment compensation coverage, the Fair Labor Standards Act, income taxes, etc.), and are not entitled to any to participate in any employee benefit plans, fringe benefit programs, group insurance arrangements or similar programs. You hereby represent and warrant that you are an agent of your own business. You further acknowledges and agree that you are not entitled to unemployment insurance benefits (unless unemployment compensation coverage is provided by you or some other entity), you are not entitled to workers' compensation benefits, and you are obligated to pay federal and state income tax on any moneys paid pursuant to this Agreement. You represent that you have the qualifications and ability to perform the Expert Services in a professional manner, without the advice, control or supervision of the Company. You will obtain, at your sole expense, any necessary tools, materials, resources or outside assistance necessary for completion of the Expert Services. You will ensure that your employees, contractors and others that you engage to assist or support you in providing the Expert Services (but excluding, for clarity, any person who is directly engaged by Curated to provide Expert Services), if any, are bound in writing to the foregoing, and to all of your obligations under any provision of this Agreement, for the Company’s benefit, and you will be solely responsible for any noncompliance by them. The Company acknowledges that the Expert Services provided by you under this Agreement are not your exclusive activity. Consistent with your performance of the Expert Services hereunder, during the term of this Agreement, you may undertake such additional projects and perform services for such additional persons or companies as you see fit, so long as you are able to fulfill your obligations under this Agreement.
9. Term; Termination. This Agreement is effective upon your acceptance of this Agreement. This Agreement may be terminated: (a) by Expert, without cause, upon seven (7) days’ prior written notice to the Company; or (b) by either Party immediately, without notice, upon the other Party’s material breach of this Agreement, including but not limited to any breach of Section 7 or Section 8 of this Agreement. In addition, the Company may terminate this Agreement or deactivate your Expert account immediately, at any time, with or without cause, and without prior notice. Section 4 , Section 5 (other than the License, which shall automatically terminate at the time of termination of this Agreement), Section 6 and Sections 9 through 14 of this Agreement and any remedies for breach of this Agreement shall survive any termination or expiration.
10. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. YOU MAY NOT SEEK, AND IN NO EVENT WILL THE COMPANY BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR, ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, HOWEVER CHARACTERIZED, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT THE LAW PERMITS THIS DISCLAIMER AND EVEN IF THE COMPANY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF THESE DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT WILL THE COMPANY’S CUMULATIVE AGGREGATE LIABILITY, UNDER ANY THEORY AND IRRESPECTIVE OF FAULT OR NEGLIGENCE, EXCEED THE AMOUNT OF, WHICHEVER IS LESS, (I) THE FEES PAID TO YOU IN THE FIRST THREE (3) MONTHS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR (II) THE TOTAL FEES PAID OR PAYABLE BY THE COMPANY PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT.
11. Indemnification. To the maximum extent permitted by law, you shall indemnify and hold the Company and its affiliates, and each of their respective representatives, agents, directors, managers, officers and employees harmless from and against any liabilities, losses, damages, claims, demands, actions and rights of action (including reasonable attorneys’ and paralegals’ fees and costs) related to (a) any and all actions by you outside the scope of this Agreement, (b) your gross negligence or willful misconduct, (c) any third-party claims alleging a breach of the third party’s intellectual property rights as a result of your provision of Expert Services, and (d) your breach of any representation, warranty or obligation stated in this Agreement. You shall fully cooperate as reasonably required in the defense of any claim.
12. Dispute Resolution. In the event of any dispute, claim, question or disagreement arising from or relating to this Agreement or the breach thereof, or arising from any arrangement under this Agreement between you and the Company, the parties hereto shall use their best efforts to settle the dispute, claim, question or disagreement. To this effect, the parties shall consult and negotiate with one another in good faith, in an attempt to reach a just and equitable solution, satisfactory to all parties. If informal resolution of the dispute, claim, question or disagreement cannot be reached, disputes that are within the jurisdictional maximum for small claims will be settled in the California Small Claims Court. With regard to other disputes, the Company and you mutually agree to resolve any justiciable disputes between them exclusively through final and binding arbitration instead of a court or jury trial. This agreement to arbitrate is governed by the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.S.C. §§ 1-16) and shall apply to any and all claims arising out of or relating to this Agreement, including without limitation your classification as an independent contractor, your provision of services to the Company or its customers, the payments received by you for providing services to the Company or its customers, the termination of this Agreement, and all other aspects of your relationship with the Company, past, present or future, whether arising under federal, state or local statutory and/or common law, including without limitation harassment, discrimination or retaliation claims and claims arising under or related to the Fair Credit Reporting Act, Defend Trade Secrets Act, Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act, Civil Rights Act of 1964, Americans with Disabilities Act, Age Discrimination in Employment Act, Family and Medical Leave Act, Affordable Care Act, Uniformed Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act, or Fair Labor Standards Act, state statutes or regulations addressing the same or similar subject matters, and all other federal or state legal claims, whether under a statute or the common law (for example, tort or contract claims) arising out of or relating to your relationship or the termination of that relationship with the Company ("Arbitrable Disputes”). However, this agreement to arbitrate does not apply to any claim that may not be arbitrated as provided by an Act of Congress or lawful, enforceable executive order. Any Arbitrable Dispute arising out of this Agreement shall be exclusively settled by arbitration administered by the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) under its Commercial Arbitration Rules, except that disputes involving $75,000 or less shall use the AAA’s Expedited Rules. The parties shall mutually agree upon a single commercial arbitrator, and in the absence of agreement, the AAA shall select an arbitrator. The place of arbitration shall be San Francisco, California. Each party shall, upon written request of the other party, promptly provide the other with copies of all relevant documents. There shall be no other discovery allowed. The award of the arbitrators shall be accompanied by a reasoned opinion. Judgment on an arbitration award may be entered in accordance with the Federal Arbitration Act in any federal court with jurisdiction. The parties agree to participate in the AAA’s optional appellate process should one party so desire, at such party’s expense. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE FOREGOING AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE SERVES AS A WAIVER OF YOUR RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL. You and the Company each hereby agree to bring any claim or dispute in arbitration on an individual basis only, and not as a class or collective action, and there will be no right or authority for any claim or dispute to be brought, heard or arbitrated as a class or collective action.
13. Assignment. You shall not have the right or ability to assign, transfer or subcontract any rights or obligations under this Agreement without the written consent of the Company. Any attempt to do so shall be void. The Company may fully assign and transfer this Agreement in whole or part.
14. Notice. Except as otherwise explicitly stated, any notices to the Company shall be given by certified mail, postage prepaid and return receipt requested to Curated, Inc., 638 4th Street, San Francisco, CA 94107, Attn: LEGAL. Any notices to you shall be provided to you through the Curated Platform or given to you via the email address or physical address you provide to the Company during the registration process. .
15. Miscellaneous. Any breach of Section 5 or Section 6 will cause irreparable harm to the Company for which damages would not be an adequate remedy, and therefore, the Company will be entitled to injunctive relief with respect thereto (without being required to post a bond or prove actual damages) in addition to any other remedies. The failure of either party to enforce its rights under this Agreement at any time for any period shall not be construed as a waiver of such rights. No changes or modifications or waivers to this Agreement will be effective unless in writing and signed by both parties. In the event that any provision of this Agreement shall be determined to be illegal or unenforceable, that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that this Agreement shall otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable. This Agreement may be executed in and accepted by any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered will be deemed an original, and all of which together will constitute one and the same agreement. Each party agrees to use an electronic method of signature to demonstrate such party’s acceptance and acknowledgement of, and agreement to be bound by, this Agreement. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to the conflicts of laws provisions thereof. In any action or proceeding to enforce rights under this Agreement, the prevailing party will be entitled to recover costs and reasonable attorneys’ fees. Headings herein are for convenience of reference only and shall in no way affect interpretation of this Agreement.
